New notice text in detail view (#334)
Digitaler-Impfnachweis/covpass-apps-i18n: twine-cert.txt

    en = Sample taken on %@

[certificates_overview_all_certificates_app_reference_title]
    de = Hinweis:
    en = Notice:

[certificates_overview_all_certificates_app_reference_text]
    de = Zeigen Sie diese sensiblen Daten nicht vor. Lassen Sie in Prüfsituationen nur den QR-Code mit der CovPassCheck-App scannen.

>     en = Do not show this sensitive data. In testing situations, only have the QR code scanned with the CovPassCheck app.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    en = Do not show this sensitive data. In testing situations, only let the QR code be scanned with the CovPassCheck app.
```
